Glossary
========

..  glossary::
	:sorted:

	Google Drive
		Google Drive is a component of Google Apps for Education. It provides cloud storage for all types of files, and includes a companion computer application and mobile application (for Android and iPhone) for file access.

	Cloud Storage
		In the beginning, files were stored on floppy disks. Then along came hard drives, zip drives, and USB flash drives. Cloud storage works much like these storage devices, but instead of storing the files locally, they are stored on servers and accessed through the Internet.

	Google Docs
		Google Docs is an online word processor and part of Google Apps for Education

	Google Apps for Education
		A complete office suite, email, calendar, groupware, online cloud storage package offered to schools.

	Chromebook
	Chromebooks
		A dedicated laptop that can only run web applications and visit websites with the dedicated Chrome browser.

	Chrome
		The Google produced web browser is available for Windows, OS X, Linux, and Chromebooks.
	
	Service Level Agreement (SLA)
		A document that lists standard lengths of time for tasks to be accomplished by the technology department. For example, all new help desk tickets will be acknowledged within 60 minutes.
	
	Gmail
		The Google online email client, Gmail offers a very powerful way to access and organize email.
	
	Random Access Memory (RAM)
		The working memory of a computer, this is where programs run and where computation takes place. Do not confuse RAM with hard drive or solid state drive space. They are measured in the same units, but that's where the similarities end.
	
	Solid State Drive (SSD)
		These are replacing the conventional hard drives that have been used in computers. An SSD uses flash memory, much like a USB flash drive, which allows an SSD to be very fast, while using very little power and generating little heat. They are still more expensive than a conventional hard drive.
	
	Hard Drive
		This is used to store programs and files for a computer. It consists of multiple rotating disks encased in a sealed container. These are very cheap but are relatively slow and prone to failure because of the spinning disk.

	CIPA
	Children's Internet Protection Act
		Any school or library that receives discounts offered by the federal E-rate program must have an Internet safety policy the includes technical measures to block or filter access to pictures that are obscene, child pornography, or harmful to minors.

	COPPA
	Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule
		Applies to operators of websites or online services directed to children under 13 years of age or websites or online services that know they are collecting personal information from a child under 13 years of age.